Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5DS.
Luna: SO IT LOOKS LIKE YOUR NEXT
OPPONENT IN THE GRAND PRIX
IS TEAM RAGNAROK.
RIGHT. LET'S SEE WHAT WE
CAN PULL UP ON THESE GUYS.
HMM. THERE'S DRAGAN, BRODER AND
THEN THEIR CAPTAIN, HALLDOR.
Akiza: AND TOGETHER THEY'RE SAID
TO BE THE MOST SKILLED DUEL TEAM
IN THE WORLD.
SO WHAT'S THE PLAN?
TO WIN.
BECAUSE IF WE DON'T ADVANCE PAST
THEM, WE DON'T MAKE THE FINALS.
AND WE CAN'T FACE
THE THREE EMPERORS.
MC: AND OUR FIRST TWO DUELISTS
HAVE MADE THEIR WAY TO THE
STARTING LINE.
DRAGAN AND JACK.
[ENGINES ROAR]
Dragan: BEHOLD.
THE ULTIMATE. THE SUPREME.
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR.
[LIGHTNING STRIKES]
THIS CARD. IT
CHANGES EVERYTHING.
GO POLARIZING POUND.
[ROAR]
Jack: AAHH!
[♪...]
DRAGAN. I WANT YOU TO
LOOK VERY CLOSELY UPON ME.
DO YOU SEE THIS GLOW?
IT'S THE GLOW OF
MY RAGING SPIRIT.
MY BLAZING SOUL.
HUH.
TIME TO TURN THIS DUEL
AROUND JACK. LET'S GO.
RED NOVA DRAGON, ATTACK
WITH BURNING SOUL STRIKE.
[EXPLOSIONS]
AH. AH.
Broder: DRAGAN.
AND THE DUEL BETWEEN JACK
AND DRAGAN HAS BEEN DECIDED.
BEHOLD, YOUR VICTOR.
[LIGHTNING STRIKES]
WHAT IS GOING ON?
I MAY HAVE LOST
BUT THOR HAS NOT.
THAT'S RIGHT JACK ATLAS.
THE WAR IS FAR FROM OVER.
[EXPLOSIONS]
[YELLING]
HE'S DRIFTING AWAY
JACK. NO.
[♪...]
GOING FAST. MAKES ME FEEL
ALIVE.
MY HEART BEATS IN HYPER DRIVE.
DO YOU THINK YOU COULD
WIN ONLY IF I LOSE?
JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE.
I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING
I CAN SEE YOU COMIN'
I CAN FEEL THE WIND
IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND.
TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNING SIDE BY SIDE
IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY
I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN'
I CAN SEE YOU COMIN'
I CAN FEEL THE WIND
IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND
SEE THE SUN A RISIN'
FIRE IN THE SKY
GREATNESS THRUST
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES
[MUSIC FADES]
DRAGAN IS OUT.
BUT JACK ATLAS IS
HANGING ON BY A THREAD.
[♪...]
FINISH HIM OFF BRODER
HEH. THAT SHOULDN'T BE A
PROBLEM THANKS TO THE GOD
CARD YOU LEFT IN PLAY FOR ME.
Halldor: A GREAT
WEIGHT HAS BEEN LIFTED FROM
YOUR SHOULDERS, DRAGAN
I GUESS. I GAVE THAT DUEL
EVERYTHING I'M MADE OF.
GUESS I'M NOT MADE OF MUCH.
I SENSE BITTERNESS
IN YOUR VOICE.
IT'S JUST THAT TEAM
5D'S IS REALLY STRONG.
BUT WE ARE THE ONES WHO
FIGHT WITH THE STRENGTH
OF THE NORDIC GODS.
STRONG THEY MAY BE, BUT, 5D'S
WILL GROVEL BEFORE US THREE.
WHEELING IN TEAM RAGNAROK
IS A WARRIOR NAMED BRODER.
THIS SNICKERING UPSTART IS KNOWN
FOR USING TRANSFORMATION CARDS
WHICH HAS EARNED HIM THE
NICKNAME, THE TRICKSTER.
BUT WILL TRICKS BE
ENOUGH TO STOP 5D'S?
LET'S FIND OUT.
[♪...]
IT IS TRULY AN HONOR
TO MEET YOU JACK ATLAS.
LET'S DO THIS.
[COMPUTER BEEP]
I PLACE TWO CARDS FACEDOWN.
THEN ACTIVATE THE BIG
DUDE'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
WHICH MEANS THOR, LORD OF
THE AESIR, NEGATES RED NOVA
DRAGON'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
[LIGHTNING STRIKES]
NOW THEIR ATTACK
POINTS ARE EQUAL.
THING IS,
MY TEAM HAS A SAYING.
"NEVER RUN AROUND THINKING
THAT YOU'RE EQUAL TO A GOD".
TO SHOW YOU WHY WE SAY THAT
I'VE GOT SOME MUTUALLY
ASSURED DESTRUCTION ACTION
JUST FOR YOU JACK ATLAS.
IT'S TIME FOR THE
TITANS TO CLASH.
GO THUNDER BOLT BLUDGEON.
[EXPLOSIONS]
[SCRAPING SOUNDS]
WHOA. ALRIGHT.
I END MY TURN.
[EXPLOSIONS]
BUT, DON'T THINK
YOU'RE OFF THE HOOK, DUDE.
EVEN THOUGH, THOR, LORD
OF THE AESIR, WAS DESTROYED
AND SENT TO MY GRAVEYARD
IT RESURRECTS DURING THE
END PHASE AND DELIVERS
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
[EXPLOSIONS]
[JACK GRUNTING]
WHOA. JACK ATLAS HAS
BEEN ELIMINATED. HE IS OUT.
[ENGINE NOISES]
SEE YA.
PEOPLE OF DOMINO CITY.
THAT IS HOW YOU GET IT DONE.
SO EVEN IF YOU MANAGE
TO DESTROY THAT GOD CARD,
IT RISES BACK UP AND
THEN HAMMERS OUT SOME
SIGNIFICANT DAMAGE.
THAT'S GONNA BE A PROBLEM.
JACK, YOU OKAY?
I'M FINE BUT THOSE IMPACTS WERE
REAL. SO DON'T DO ANYTHING DUMB.
YEAH, YEAH.
Crowd: CROW, CROW.
TEAR IT UP OUT THERE, CROW.
WE'RE WITH YOU CROW.
THEN YTHERE'SHERE'S NO WAY I CAN
LOSE.
WE KNOW YOU CAN WIN. WE'RE
ROOTING FOR YOU. GO CROW GO.
I CAN'T LET THOSE
LITTLE NERDS DOWN.
[CROWD CHEERING]
HUH?
THE SCARIEST THING ABOUT
THESE GOD CARDS, IS THAT
EACH MEMBER OF TEAM RAGNAROK
HAS A GOD CARD OF THEIR OWN.
HOPEFULLY CROW WILL
KEEP THAT IN MIND.
IT'S BAD ENOUGH DEALING
WITH ONE NORDIC GOD.
I'D HATE TO SEE BRODER SOMEHOW
BRING ANOTHER ONE TO THE FIELD.
MC: YOU KNOW HIM, YOU LOVE HIM
WHEELING IN FOR TEAM 5D'S
IS NONE OTHER THAN, CROW.
CROW, HUH. WHAT
KINDA NAME IS THAT?
THE KIND YOU'RE GONNA
REMEMBER. LET'S GO.
IT'S MY TURN.
[COMPUTER BEEP]
I CAN'T PLAY ANY TRAPS
AGAINST HIS GOD MONSTER 'CAUSE
OF THAT SOLEMN AUTHORITY
HE'S GOT IN PLAY.
IN THAT CASE, I GUESS
I'LL HAVE TO WING IT .
LITERALLY.
I SUMMON BLACKWING,
SIROCCO THE DAWN.
AND WHEN YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WITH MONSTERS ON THE FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON THIS
BLACKWING WITHOUT
RELEASING ANOTHER MONSTER.
SO NOW, SINCE A BLACKWING
IS ALREADY OUT ON MY FIELD,
I CAN DIRECTLY
SUMMON THE BLACKWING TUNER
MONSTER, GALE THE WHIRLWIND.
NEXT UP, I'M ACTIVATING GALE THE
WHIRLWIND'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
ONCE A TURN, GALE
CAN SLICE YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS IN HALF
AND NOW, WITH THE COMBINED
LEVELS OF THE BLACKWINGS
OUT ON MY FIELD
ADDING UP TO 8.
I CAN SUMMON BLACKWING
CALIMA THE HAZE TO THE FIELD.
AND SINCE BIRDS OF A
FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER,
GALE THE WHIRLWIND
TUNES CALIMA THE HAZE.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
BLACKWING ARMOR MASTER.
ARMOR MASTER, TAKE DOWN
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR.
[EXPLOSIONS]
AH. GRUNTING]
BRODER I HOPE YOU'RE
READY FOR MORE
CAUSE SIROCCO THE DAWN
IS ABOUT TO SWOOP IN
AND ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
AAAHHH.
WHOA.
TALK ABOUT COMING OUT SWINGING.
IN ONE MOVE, CROW HAS DEFEATED
BRODER'S NORDIC GOD
AND MANAGED
TO LAND A CRITICAL BLOW.
NICE.
[ENGINES ROARING]
THAT GOD OF YOURS
YOURS MAY BE INVINCIBLE.
BUT IN THE END, THERE'S ONLY
SO MUCH DAMAGE YOU CAN TAKE.
I'VE BEEN WOUNDED.
I'M LOSING ALREADY.
AAAH, JUST KIDDING.
HMM ?
AN APPLE A DAY KEEPS THE
DAMAGE AWAY, MY FRIEND.
AND BY ACTIVATING THE THE
GOLDEN APPLES TRAP CARD,
I CAN REGAIN ALL THE BATTLE
DAMAGE I TOOK THIS TURN.
AW, NO WAY.
[BRODER CHUCKLES]
SO WAIT. CROW'S
ATTACK WAS POINTLESS?
WE'RE RIGHT BACK
WHERE WE STARTED.
NEXT, I CAN SUMMON ONE
MALUS TOKEN WHOSE ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS ARE
EQUAL TO THE DAMAGE I JUST TOOK.
GREAT. SO HE REGAINED
HIS LIFE POINTS. AND
NOW HE'S GOT A MONSTER
WITH 2750 ATTACK POINTS.
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
THIS IS THE END PHASE.
SO THE MIGHTY THOR RISES
UP FROM THE GREAT BEYOND.
[EXPLOSION]
AND DUE TO THOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
[LIGHTNING STRIKES]
[CROW GRUNTING]
I GOTTA DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THAT GOD CARD.
YOU JUST DON'T GET IT CROW. YOUR
FATE HAS BEEN SEALED BRO.
WITH EVERY MONSTER, SPELL
AND TRAP THAT YOU PLAY,
YOU TAKE ONE MORE STEP
TOWARDS YOUR OWN DEFEAT.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
IT'S MY TURN, CROW.
BUT BEFORE I CAN MAKE A MOVE,
THE EFFECT OF MY
SOLEMN AUTHORITY TRAP CARD ENDS
SINCE THIS IS THE
SECOND STANDBY PHASE.
GOOD.NOW CROW CAN USE A TRAP
CARD AGAINST THOR
IF HE NEEDS TO.
HOWEVER...
MY THOR'S ABILITY WILL
MAKE UP FOR THAT LOSS.
NOT ONLY CAN THE BIG MAN
NEGATE ARMOR
MASTER'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
HE CAN ALSO SNAG ONE OF ITS
ABILITIES TO USE AS HIS OWN.
I'LL TAKE THE WHOLE CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE THING.
[CROW GRUNTS]
WITHOUT HAVING THAT SPECIAL
ABILITY,
CROW'S MONSTER WON'T
BE ABLE TO SURVIVE AN ASSAULT.
NOW I'LL ATTACK YOUR
SIROCCO WITH MY MALUS TOKEN.
[EXPLOSIONS]
AAAHH.
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET.
THOR, LORD OF THE
AESIR TAKE OUT ARMOR MASTER.
GO THUNDERBOLT BLUDGEON.
[EXPLOSIONS]
[SCRAPING NOISE]
LOOK OUT CROW. BE CAREFUL.
[EXPLOSIONS]
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR THIS MOMENT.
HUH ?
BECAUSE WHEN TWO
BLACKWINGS ON MY FIELD
ARE DESTROYED
DURING THE SAME TURN,
I'M ABLE TO SPECIAL SUMMON
BLACKWING BRISOTE THE TAILWIND
STRAIGHT FROM MY HAND.
[EXPLOSIONS]
AND NOW I REVEAL THE BLACK
RETURN TRAP CARD.
WHEN I SPECIAL SUMMON A
BLACKWING, I CAN USE
BLACK RETURN TO SEND
ONE OF THE MONSTERS ON
YOUR FIELD BACK TO YOUR HAND.
THAT'S A BUMMER.
AND SINCE THOR IS A
SYNCHRO MONSTER,
IT RETURNS TO BRODER'S EXTRA
DECK INSTEAD OF HIS HANDS.
SO NOW, IN ORDER TO SUMMON A
NORDIC GOD, BRODER'S GOTTA
MEET THE SUMMONING
REQUIREMENTS ALL OVER AGAIN.
AND THAT'S NOT GONNA BE EASY.
CROW SET THAT TRAP UP PERFECTLY.
ANOTHER GREAT MOVE BY TEAM 5D'S.
OH AND BY THE WAY BRODER, I NOW
REGAIN LIFE POINTS EQUAL
TO YOUR NORDIC GOD'S ATTACK
POINTS. SO HURRY UP AND
SEND THAT BIG GOD OF YOURS
PACKING, WOULD YA?
NAH, DON'T THINK SO.
HUH ?
I REVEAL MY TRAP. WITH
NORDIC RELIC LAEVATEINN,
I CAN DESTROY
ONE MONSTER
THAT DEFEATED ANOTHER MONSTER IN
BATTLE THIS TURN.
NO
SO I'LL DESTROY THOR BEFORE I
LET YOU BENEFIT
FROM ITS DESTRUCTION.
OH NO, THEN THAT MEANS
THOR'S GONNA HIT ME WITH ANOTHER
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
[LASER SOUNDS]
[EXPLOSION]
YOU KNOW, I HAVE TO ADMIT, YOUR
LITTLE RUSE WAS A CLEVER ONE.
I ALMOST STARTED TO THINK
YOU WERE GENUINELY
MAKING BAD MOVES.
BUT IN THE END, YOU JUST
CAN'T OUTTRICK A TRUE TRICKSTER
LIKE ME, MY FRIEND.
[CROW GRUNTS]
NEXT I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
AND NOW THOR RISES AGAIN
[ROAR]
[EXPLOSION]
AND WITH THOR BACK IN PLAY,
YOU LOSE 800 LIFE POINTS.
AAAHH. AAHH.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
BRODER HAD A TRAP WAITING TO
PREVENT THAT GOD CARD FROM BEING
SENT TO HIS EXTRA DECK.
VERY IMPRESSIVE. BRODER HAS
FOUND A WAY TO OBLITERATE
THOR TWICE ALREADY.
ONLY HE WOULD CONJURE UP
SUCH A RECKLESS STRATEGY.
BRODER'S PLAYING
GAMES WITH THE GODS.
[ENGINES ROARING]
650 LIFE POINTS.
I'M IN THE DANGER ZONE.
IF HE'S GOT A SPEED SPELL
IN HIS HAND, THEN I'M A GONER
ON THE NEXT TURN.
[ENGINE WHIRRING]
YOU'RE HEADING TO
FULL ON WIPE OUT BRO.
YOU CAN DO IT CROW.
HUH ?
[ENGINES WHIRRING]
THANKS GUYS.
THOSE LITTLE TIKES ARE
THE REASON YOU'RE IN THIS,
AREN'T THEY ?
THEIR HOPE GIVES YOU STRENGTH.
BUT YOU'RE STILL
NOT STRONG ENOUGH.
YOU CAN'T BE ALLOWED
TO FIGHT ILIASTER.
I'M THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN
PROTECT THE CHILDREN.
PROTECT THE CHILDREN ?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN ?
WHO ARE YOU?
THEY USED TO CALL
ME "THE SEEKER."
I WAS A TREASURE HUNTER. A
LONE WOLF. I'D GOTTEN A TIP
ABOUT A GALLEON SUNKEN
OFF THE COAST OF A SMALL
UNCHARTED ISLAND
IN THE TROPICS.
WHEN I SURFACED FROM MY DIVE,
I DISCOVERED THAT THE ISLAND
WAS NOT UNINHABITED.
THEY WERE ORPHANS.
CHILDREN WHO WERE DISPLACED
DUE TO THE CONFLICTS TEARING THE
NEARBY COUNTRIES APART.
THROUGH AN UNDERGROUND PIPELINE,
THEY HAD FOUND EACH OTHER.
THEY HAD LEARNED THAT THIS
ISLAND WAS A SAFE PLACE.
THEY WERE ALONE
THEY HAD NO ONE
TAKE CARE OF THEM.
WHEN I MET THEM,
EVERYTHING CHANGED.
MY WANDERING
DAYS WERE OVER.
[♪...]
SUDDENLY THIS LONE
WOLF HAD A PACK.
WE LOOKED AFTER
ONE ANOTHER.
WE TOOK CARE OF
EACH OTHER.
I'D NEVER BEEN HAPPIER.
SOON, I LEARNED THE
STORIES ABOUT THE WARS
THAT RAVAGED
THEIR HOMELANDS.
EVERY SINGLE CONFLICT
COULD BE TRACED BACK
SOME SECRET GROUP.
SOME GROUP THAT
OPERATED IN THE SHADOWS
AND BEHIND CLOSED DOORS,
MANIPULATING THE WORLD IN A
NEVER-ENDING QUEST
FOR MONEY AND POWER.
AS LONG AS THIS SECRET
GROUP KEEPS DOING ITS THING,
THE CHILDREN OF THE
WORLD WILL NEVER BE SAFE.
SECRET GROUP?
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
ILIASTER.
I KNEW I HAD TO STOP THEM.
BUT I DIDN'T KNOW HOW.
AND THAT'S WHEN I MET
HALLDOR AND DRAGAN.
THEY SHOWED ME TRUE POWER.
AND I REALIZED THAT
VENGEANCE WAS WITHIN MY REACH.
WITH THE HELP OF THE
NORDIC GODS, I COULD BRING
ILIASTER DOWN.
I'M HERE TO DEFEAT
ILLIASTER, CROW.
AND I TOO AM DOIN'
IT FOR THE KIDS.
I HEAR YA.
MY ONE CHANCE TO GET TO THOSE
BULLIES IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME.
IT'S SO CLOSE.
NO WAY AM I LETTING SOMEONE WEAK
LIKE YOU YOU TAKE IT AWAY.
I'LL SHOW YOU WEAK.
RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW. I SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER
BLACKWING BLIZZARD THE FAR NORTH
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[BIRD CAWS]
[EXPLOSION]
THANKS TO BLIZZARD THE FAR
NORTH'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN SUMMON ONE LEVEL
4 OR BELOW BLACKWING
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO I'M BRINGING BACK
GALE THE WHIRLWIND.
NEXT, I PLAY THE
BLACKBOOST TRAP CARD.
WHEN THERE'S TWO
BLACKWINGS ON MY FIELD,
BLACKBOOST ALLOWS ME TO
DRAW TWO MORE CARDS
FROM MY DECK.
I'M ACTIVATING THE
SPEED FORCE SPEED SPELL.
WHEN I'VE GOT
AT LEAST 4 SPEED COUNTERS,
SPEED FORCE STOPS YOU FROM
DESTROYING CARDS ON MY FIELD
WITH A SPELL OR TRAP UNTIL
THE END PHASE OF MY NEXT TURN.
AND NOW DUE TO THE GALE
WHIRLWIND'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR'S ATTACK
POINTS ARE CUT IN HALF.
[COMPUTER SOUNDS]
AND WITH THAT OUTTA THE
WAY, I'LL TUNE GALE
THE WHIRLWIND WITH
BRISOTE THE TAILWIND.
[♪...]
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON.
[ROAR]
[COMPUTER SOUNDS]
AND SINCE BRISOTE THE TAILWIND
WAS USED TO SYNCHRO SUMMON,
I REGAIN 600 LIFE POINTS.
AND NOW BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
ATTACK THOR, LORD OF THE
AESIR WITH SHADOW SQUALL BLAST.
[EXPLOSIONS]
AAHH. AAHH.
I END MY TURN BY PLACING
ONE CARD FACEDOWN.
IS THAT THE BEST
THAT YOU CAN DO ?
THAT'S TOO BAD.
BECAUSE THOR RISES ONCE AGAIN.
AND JUST LIKE BEFORE,
YOU LOSE 800 LIFE POINTS.
[EXPLOSION]
ACTUALLY, THINGS ARE GONNA GO A
LITTLE DIFFERENT THIS TIME.
THEY ARE?
I ACTIVATE BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON'S SPECIAL ABILITY
DAMAGE DRAIN.
OH NO.
NOW INSTEAD OF ME TAKING
DAMAGE, MY BLACK WINGED
DRAGON DOES. THE DOWNSIDE
IS THAT EVERY TIME
IT DOES THIS, IT LOSES
700 ATTACK POINTS.
SO AS LONG AS HE'S
GOT BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
OUT ON THE FIELD, HE CAN
STOP THOR FROM DEALING
DAMAGE WHEN HE RESURRECTS.
YOU GOT SOME TRICKS
OF YOUR OWN, I SEE.
NICE LITTLE MOVE.
BUT YOU'RE TOO BUSY
WORRYING ABOUT THE GOD
LOOMING IN FRONT OF YOU
TO SEE THE REAL THREAT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THAT?
LET'S FIND OUT.
[COMPUTER BEEP]
I SUMMON LJOSALF OF
THE NORDIC ALFAR.
[EXPLOSION]
JOSALF'S SPECIAL ABILITY
GRANTS ME THE POWER TO
SUMMON A MONSTER FROM MY
HAND WHOSE LEVEL IS EQUAL
TO THE COMBINED LEVELS OF
MALUS TOKEN AND LJOSALF.
I SUMMON THE TUNER MONSTER
SVARTALF OF THE NORDIC ALFAR.
[EXPLOSION]
A TUNER MONSTER.
NOT GOOD.
THAT, YUSEI.
IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT.
NOW, MY LEVEL 5 SVARTALF
OF THE NORDIC ALFAR TUNES
BOTH MY LEVEL 1 MALUS
TOKEN AND MY LEVEL 4
LJOSALF OF THE NORDIC ALFAR.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON.
LOKI, LORD OF THE AESIR
THE ULTIMATE TRICKSTER.
INCREDIBLE
UH.
WHOA. SHOCK AND AWE.
WE'VE GOT TWO NORDIC GODS ON
THE FIELD HERE, PEOPLE.
HEH HEH. NOW THIS IS
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
Loki, Lord of the Aesir is
a spellcaster type monster
with 3300 attack points
and 3000 defense points.
THOR IS TRULY GREAT, BUT
I WANTED TO FIGHT WITH MY
OWN GOD LOKI IS
THE MASTER OF MISCHIEF,
THE KING OF TRICKERY.
NOW I'VE GOT TWO NORDIC GODS.
IT'S OVER FOR YOU, CROW.
LOKI, LORD OF THE AESIR TAKE OUT
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON.
[GROWLS][EVIL LAUGH]
[♪...]
HATE TO BREAK
IT TO YA', BUT THIS
IS FAR FROM OVER. I REVEAL
MY TRAP. IT'S BLACK SONIC.
NOW IF BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
IS OUT ON MY FIELD
AND YOU ATTACK,
I CAN ACTIVATE THIS
CARD'S POWER.
AND REMOVE ALL YOUR MONSTERS
IN ATTACK MODE FROM PLAY.
YOU WHAT?
IF THEY'RE REMOVED FROM
PLAY, THEY CAN'T RESURRECT
THIS WAS CROW'S PLAN ALL ALONG.
BRODER PLAYED RIGHT INTO IT.
YOU PROBABLY THOUGHT
THAT I THOUGHT
THAT YOU COULDN'T SUMMON
ANOTHER GOD TO THE FIELD.
BUT I WAS HOPING YOU WOULD
SO I COULD TAKE 'EM BOTH OUT.
NO. WHAT WILL I DO?
OH, WAIT A SEC, WHAT AM
I SAYING, I'M GOOD TO GO.
'CAUSE I AM STILL FIVE
STEPS AHEAD OF YOU.
WHAT?
CHECK OUT LOKI'S SPECIAL
ABILITY. WHEN LOKI ATTACKS,
HE CAN ALSO NEGATE AND
DESTROY ONE CARD IN YOUR
SPELL AND TRAP ZONE.
SO MUCH FOR BLACK SONIC.
[GLASS SHATTERS]
OH, MAN.
I'M SORRY, CROW.
BUT I'M GONNA BURY YOUR
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON.
GO VANITY BLAST.
[EXPLOSIONS]
[GROWLING]
AAHHH
[♪...]
AND NOW FOR MY OTHER GOD.
THOR, LORD OF THE AESIR
PULVERIZE BLIZZARD
THE FAR NORTH.
GO THUNDER BOLT BLUDGEON.
[GLASS SHATTERS]
I DON'T THINK CROW
SAW THAT COMING.
SUDDENLY, HIS FIELD IS EMPTY
AND HE'S GOT TWO
NORDIC GODS STARING HIM DOWN.
NO WAY.
IS THERE ANYTHING
HE CAN DO?
I DUNNO.
CROW'S GOT 50
LIFE POINTS LEFT.
NO CARDS. NONE. AND NOTHING
STANDING BETWEEN HIM AND
THE POWER OF THE GODS.
SOMEONE TELL CROW HE'S DONE FOR.